qr code
voicemail message
image zoom
harry potter
tacos
target? qt?

marauder's map - http://www.instructables.com/id/Marauders-Map-FULL-SIZE-Replica/
http://morethanthursdays.com/harry-potter-treasure/
http://morethanthursdays.com/harry-potter-scavenger-hunt/

http://www.instructables.com/id/Marauders-Map-With-Hidden-Footprints-Full-Size-Rep/
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hamhZg1Oq04

https://www.youtube.com/user/DannyMcMurray/videos

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DECDkKyt7mA

sephora gift card in email address

I had an image of a dorito, which had randomly generated words on it in super small text, that text was a key to be able to take an image of a cloud which I cut up into like 50 squares each square named one of the random words, you needed the words to put the cloud together. That cloud had a secret on it, that secret was a password to a gmail account but it was not told to them in a simple way, they had to discover it was a gmail email account and then the cloud image had the password to the account and username. In the email was an excel spreadsheet, the spreadsheet was password protected, cant remember the clue to unlock the spreadsheet. In the spreadsheet was a clue PER person which when combined created a key. That key let them to an image of an owl, the image was a redirection which worked perfectly because of the previous image which they spent 10 hours on zoomed in. The owl image, if you opened with a text editor, below the image code, had the full text the first twighlight book. You had to count how many times 3 words were used the in the text and that allowed you to unlock the key of the spreadsheet. The spreadsheet led them to another clue whcih when solved opened up a zip file with 3 text files each with a code. Those codes opened three locks that I drilled through a hardcover book. That book when opened contained the time and date of a get together at my house...which time and date I had previously told them, so the entire puzzle was for no reason

-------

Ms. H. Parker
Window by the Flowerpot
Wyandotte St.
Missouri

I'm sorry to have to resort to Muggle mail to contact you, but I was too afraid an owl would be intercepted. I wish this was more of a social call since you and I haven't spoken since we left Hogwarts, but we are desperate for help here at the Ministry. As you probably know, I work in the Magical Law Enforcement department here at the Ministry of Magic. We have a big problem with an American wizard and I feel that your experience with Muggles would be great help to us. Normally we would go through MACUSA for such a task, but the Minister feels they may be compromised. When she asked us if we knew of anyone in America that we trusted and was familiar with Muggle technologies your name immediately sprang to mind.

Minister Granger wasn't too excited to place so much trust in a Slytherin (old prejudices die hard, I guess), but once I told her about you she was on board. She has given me authorization to deputize you as a full Ministry officer, so please find your Ministry ID in the attached envelope along with the case file you'll be working for us. I can't stress the importance of your assistance in this case. Obviously we can't force you to help us, but the Ministry would be forever in your debt if you did.

One final thing. The suspect is a former Ravenclaw and very crafty. Given that, I don't feel it's prudent to give too much information over standard channels so I have hidden some clues within the documents themselves. They lead to various things in the Muggle world in hopes that will make it harder for our suspect to realize we are on to him.

Good luck, and know that you have the might of the Ministry behind you. 

Your friend,
Sybill Derwitt


